c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\FileSortWF.exe.config
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\obj\Debug\FileSortWF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\obj\Debug\Interop.MediaPlayer.dll
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\obj\Debug\FileSortWF.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\obj\Debug\FileSortWF.Form1.resources
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\obj\Debug\FileSortWF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\obj\Debug\FileSortWF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\FileSortWF.exe
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\FileSortWF.pdb
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\Json.Net.dll
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\NetSpell.SpellChecker.dll
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\OMDbApiNet.dll
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\NetSpell.SpellChecker.xml
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\obj\Debug\FileSortWF.exe
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\obj\Debug\FileSortWF.pdb
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.xml
c:\users\donio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileSortWF\FileSortWF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.xml
